Aadhaar

1.
Attorney general  mukulrohatgi  
told the supreme court during a hearing on the new uses of the aadhaar card that citizens cannot claim absolute right over their bodies.
2.
At the recent global conference on cyberspace prime minister narendramodi said  i am sure most of you are already aware of aadhaar  which is the unique biometric identity of a personthrough better targeting of subsidies  the jam (jan dhan-aadhaar-mobile) trinity has prevented leakages to the tune of nearly $10 billion so far.
3.
Arun jaitley  during the discussion in the rajya sabha on the aadhaar bill  claimed that a sum of rs 14672 crore was saved in lpg subsidy for the year 2014-15 under the direct benefits transfer scheme. 


Demon
1.Urijit Patel(Negative)
(a) no wonder rbi has now asked all banks to keep all cctv footage records from 8 november onwards.
(b)  present governor urjitpatel said that members of the monetary policy committee had refused to meet finance ministry officials for a policy review meeting.
Urijit Patel(Positive)
as dr. patel said  it is easy and quick to fritter away gains regarding macroeconomic stability.
2. Nitish Kumar
but when it started affecting the common man adversely  nitish said he would review his stand after december 30  when the pms deadline ends. 

3. Rahul Gandhi (Positive)
however  no videshi black money turned up to be whitened  so now the fm has asked desi black money to come up and be made fair and lovely as rahulgandhi said in parliament.
Rahul Gandhi(Negative)
fortunately  congress general secretary rahulgandhi has said that the money stashed abroad belongs to the poor and must be brought back to india.
4. Modi
the pm on monday clearly said that this crunch will remain for at least the next 50 days.


GST
Aamir Khan
Sachin Pilot 
people have defeated bjp because of the 'gag' ordinance,leasing of mines, caste violence and the failure to waive farm loans, rajasthan congress president sachinpilot told dh.

Arun Jaitely
-0.3612;;soon after the seventh meeting of the goods and services tax council last week, finance minister arunjaitley said only one difficult issue remains pending to enable the implementation of the new indirect tax regime.

finance minister arunjaitley has said the union cabinet will soon take up the four laws that the centre has to steer through parliament, while the respective state governments will take up the state gst law.

FP
Fadnavis
;;0.5423;;by evening, deeply humbled by the farmers reasonable approach, mr. fadnavis said he respected them and had no problem in accepting most of their demands, leading the farmers to end the stir and board special trains to go back home.
;-0.128;;less than 48 hours after the strike started, fadnavis announced a rs 30,000 crore loan waiver the biggest ever in maharashtra.

